added sources into snowflake quickstart guide (#3478)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/quickstarts/snowflake-qs.md

<FAQ src="Models/unique-model-names" />
<FAQ src="Project/structure-a-project" alt_header="As I create more models, how should I keep my project organized? What should I name my models?" />

## Build models on top of sources

> Sources make it possible to name and describe the data loaded into your warehouse by your Extract and Load tools. By declaring these tables as sources in dbt, you can then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sources make it possible to name and describe the data loaded into your warehouse by your extract and load tools. By declaring these tables as sources in dbt, you can:
```

- select from source tables in your models using the `{{ source() }}` function, helping define the lineage of your data
- test your assumptions about your source data
- calculate the freshness of your source data

1. Create a new YML file `models/sources.yml`.

> 2. In order to declare the the sources, copy the following into the file and click **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Declare the sources by copying the following into the file and clicking **Save**.
```

    <File name='models/sources.yml'>

    ```yml
    version: 2

    sources:
        - name: jaffle_shop
          description: This is a replica of the Postgres database used by our app
          database: raw
          schema: jaffle_shop
          tables:
              - name: customers
                description: One record per customer.
              - name: orders
                description: One record per order. Includes cancelled and deleted orders.
    ```

    </File>

3. Edit the `models/stg_customers.sql` file to select from the `customers` table in the `jaffle_shop` source.

    <File name='models/stg_customers.sql'>

    ```sql
    select
        id as customer_id,
        first_name,
        last_name

    from {{ source('jaffle_shop', 'customers') }}
    ```

    </File>

4. Edit the `models/stg_orders.sql` file to select from the `orders` table in the `jaffle_shop` source.

    <File name='models/stg_orders.sql'>

    ```sql
    select
        id as order_id,
        user_id as customer_id,
        order_date,
        status

    from {{ source('jaffle_shop', 'orders') }}
    ```

    </File>

5. Execute `dbt run`. 

>     The results of your `dbt run` will be the exaxt same as the previous step. Your `stg_cusutomers` and `stg_orders`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The results of your `dbt run` will be exactly the same as the previous step. Your `stg_cusutomers` and `stg_orders`
```

>     models will still query from the same raw data source in Snowflake. By using `source`, you get the added benefits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    models will still query from the same raw data source in Snowflake. By using `source`, you can

>     of being able to tests and document your raw data, as well as understand the lineage of your sources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    test and document your raw data and also understand the lineage of your sources. 
```
